readme.md, before:

# react-native-ux-cam

React Native wrapper for [UXCam](https://uxcam.com).

## Setup

```bash
# Yarn
yarn add react-native-ux-cam

# NPM
npm install --save react-native-ux-cam
```

### iOS with react-native and Cocoapods

Run the following:

```bash
react-native link react-native-ux-cam
```

Then, add the following to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod "UXCam", "~> 2.5.7"
```

Then run:

```bash
pod install
```

You're done! :tada:

### Android

Coming soon!

## Usage

```js
// Import UXCam.
import UXCam from 'react-native-ux-cam';

// Initialize using your app key.
UXCam.startWithKey(key);

// Tag a screen.
UXCam.tagScreenName('my screen');

// Tag a user.
UXCam.tagUserName('John Doe');

// Add a custom tag with properties.
UXCam.addTag('logged-in', {
  isLoggedIn: true,
  isAwesome: true,
});

// Mark a user as a favorite.
UXCam.markUserAsFavorite();

// Get the url for the current user. Useful for connecting to other
// analytics services. Note, this method is async and returns a promise.
const currentUserUrl = await UXCam.urlForCurrentUser();

// Get the url for the current session. Note, this method is also async.
const currentSessionUrl = await UXCam.urlForCurrentSession();

// Hide a sensitive screen.
UXCam.occludeSensitiveScreen(true);

// Unhide a sensitive screen.
UXCam.occludeSensitiveScreen(false);

// Stop recording and upload data manually.
UXCam.stopApplicationAndUploadData();
```

If a method is missing from the official SDK, please send a PR!

Commit message:

Add Android documentation to readme

readme.md, after:

# react-native-ux-cam

React Native wrapper for [UXCam](https://uxcam.com).

## Setup

```bash
# Yarn
yarn add react-native-ux-cam

# NPM
npm install --save react-native-ux-cam
```

### iOS with react-native and Cocoapods

Run the following:

```bash
react-native link react-native-ux-cam
```

Then, add the following to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod "UXCam", "~> 2.5.7"
```

Then run:

```bash
pod install
```

You're done! :tada:

### Android

Run the following:

```bash
react-native link react-native-ux-cam
```

Then add the following to your file `android/app/build.gradle` (or add the maven url to your existing repositories section):
```gradle
repositories {
    maven {
        url 'http://sdk.uxcam.com/android/'
    }
}
```

And add this to your file `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`, inside your `<application>` tag:
```xml
<service android:name="com.uxcam.service.HttpPostService"/>
```


## Usage

```js
// Import UXCam.
import UXCam from 'react-native-ux-cam';

// Initialize using your app key.
UXCam.startWithKey(key);

// Tag a screen.
UXCam.tagScreenName('my screen');

// Tag a user.
UXCam.tagUserName('John Doe');

// Add a custom tag with properties.
UXCam.addTag('logged-in', {
  isLoggedIn: true,
  isAwesome: true,
});

// Mark a user as a favorite.
UXCam.markUserAsFavorite();

// Get the url for the current user. Useful for connecting to other
// analytics services. Note, this method is async and returns a promise.
const currentUserUrl = await UXCam.urlForCurrentUser();

// Get the url for the current session. Note, this method is also async.
const currentSessionUrl = await UXCam.urlForCurrentSession();

// Hide a sensitive screen.
UXCam.occludeSensitiveScreen(true);

// Unhide a sensitive screen.
UXCam.occludeSensitiveScreen(false);

// Stop recording and upload data manually.
UXCam.stopApplicationAndUploadData();
```

If a method is missing from the official SDK, please send a PR!
